update readme to call out new path string option (#88)
tatethurston/nextjs-routes: README.md

### Link

`Link`'s `href` prop is now typed based on your application routes:

```tsx
import Link from "next/link";

<Link
  href={{
    pathname: "/foos/[foo]",
    query: { foo: "bar" },
  }}
>
  Bar
</Link>;
```

If the route doesn't require any parameters, you can also use a path string:

```tsx
<Link href="/foo">Foo</Link>
```

### useRouter

`useRouter`'s returned router instance types for `push`, `replace` and `query` are now typed based on your application routes.

> Identical to `Link`, `push` and `replace` accept URL object or a path string:

Author: ```suggestion
Identical to `Link`, `push` and `replace` now expect a URL object or path string:
```
